---
title: Staff
bg: lightseagreen
color: '#333'
fa-icon: users
---

<h3><strong>Meet Our Staff</strong></h3>

**Mike Bonneville grew up with Rec-PAC.** He was a camper, counselor, site director and area supervisor for Rec-PAC before becoming the manager of this county-wide summer activity program in 2007. He didn't plan a Rec-PAC career; he was pushed in that direction by his goals -- to make a difference and to help kids in Fairfax County. Towards that end, Mike also worked with children with disabilities in the Arlington County public schools for seven years, with after-school programs and summer programs for emotionally disturbed children and at teen centers on Friday and Saturday nights. "Kids have been my passion," he explained. "Even more so now that I'm the parent of two amazing kids! And the Rec-PAC program, its campers and staff are just an extension of my family." Born and raised in Fairfax County, Mike still lives in the Northern Virginia area.

**Your job as Rec-PAC's manager?** I oversee 181 volunteers, 350 camp staffers, eight area supervisors, four office staffers and 3,000 kids a week. I make sure that our kids are in a safe environment, having fun while they learn and enjoy recreation. I love my job! I get paid for coming up with entertaining and creative things for kids to do and putting those ideas into action. It's like being a kid again. It keeps me young. There's a quote that explains it perfectly: "If you love your job, you will never work a day in your life." That is how I feel about my position with the Park Authority. I get the opportunity to work with some the best people in the county, all striving towards one propose -- to better the lives of the families in Fairfax County.

**What do kids learn in Rec-PAC?** They learn that character counts. We've incorporated that national program, with its emphasis on the six pillars of character (citizenship, respect, trustworthiness, fairness, caring and responsibility). We get a diverse group of kids so we have an international week to give our campers a better understanding of different cultures. We do cooperative game playing to open their minds, and because kids need to be outside, we teach them active outdoor games that they can play in a group or on their own. They learn about fitness, too, through games and obstacle courses, and by eating healthy snacks and juice, not high calorie junk food and sodas. We also talk with the campers about Bullying and what to do if they are being bullied or see someone being bullied. To take a stand and lend a hand to those in need.

**Your philosophy for managing Rec-PAC?** When you work with children, you should be held to higher standards. Kids need positive examples; they deserve good role models. That's a priority for our counselors. Parents pay with their hard earned money for the program -- they should be given the best customer service and their children should be provided with the best quality care.

**Best thing about Rec-PAC?** The staff, the children who attend and the parents of those children. Rec-PAC is a big family. Every child is treated with respect and care, and we try to open their minds to their own creativity. There's a lot of camaraderie. It is wonderful to see children trying new activities that they have never done before and excelling in them. I like to watch the staff work as a team to try new things. It's a great thing to see veteran staff helping new staff. Summer is the best time of the year! At Rec-PAC, kids get the opportunity to learn many new things and teach us new things as well.