---
title: About
bg: lightcoral
color: '#333'
fa-icon: user-md
---

<h3><strong>About Rec-PAC</strong></h3>

Rec-PAC (Pretty Awesome Children), operated by Fairfax County Park Authority, is a six week structured recreation program with emphasis on leisure skills designed for elementary school children.

Participants will have an opportunity to enjoy a wide variety of activities such as: fun and fitness, indoor and outdoor games, team sports, nature, crafts, storytelling, sports festivals, talent shows and supervised play sessions. Each location has a ratio of 1 staff person to 18 participants.

### Join us for 6 exciting weeks of Summer Fun in 2017!

#### Week 1 (7/5-7/7)
July 3rd and 4th CLOSED
United We Stand 
Hooray for the Red, White and Blue. Join us as we celebrate America through arts, games and sports. Rec-PAC is closed July 3rd and 4th.

#### Week 2 (7/10-7/14)
We’ve got SPIRIT, how about YOU? 
Show your PAC pride on these fun-filled theme days: crazy hair, crazy socks, team jersey, ping pong table decorating. Meet and learn about Buddy the Wolf and enjoy a teambuilding field day. Special Event: Field Day 

#### Week 3 (7/17-7/21)
Pirate Adventure! 
Ahoy Mateys! Come aboard and create colorful parrots, creative sand art, treasure maps and sea monsters. Along the way play games, sing songs and use teamwork to find the lost Pirate Island where there are cool games and prizes for all!! Five days of fun and adventure. Special Event: Lost Pirate Island Party

#### Week 4 (7/24-7/28)
Come on Down! 
Calling all game show contestants! Are you ready for a week of fun and exciting game shows? Do you have what it takes to win, lose or draw? Or even have a minute to win it? Then this is the week for you. Special Event: Game Show Mania

#### Week 5 (7/31-8/4)
Adventures Away! 
Explore the outdoors through painting, collage, drawing and more. Use a variety of art media to create icky bugs. Join us as we design a wonderful forest full of creative creatures

#### Week 6 (8/7-8/10)
Rec-PAC Gives Back! 
Rec-PAC needs YOU!! Come make a difference as you and your friends get involved in the community in which you live. This community service week is all about helping others and giving back. Join us at the Rec-PAC Showcase for a camper performance. Special Event: RPS (Rec-PAC Showcase) No Rec-PAC on August 11th.
